Hey, good morning family. I have another
video for you all today.
The word that a lot of you all are
getting at church is very lukewarm.
They're not teaching you how to
stand on your faith, how to believe by
faith, or how to pray in the Holy Ghost.
You would not believe the emails and the
questions about the Holy
Spirit—that
nobody knows how to pray in tongues.
Nobody knows how to flow with the gifts
and do what we are commissioned
to do to be able to bring in the fire
and get people free. A lot of people are
so bound because of lack of knowledge.
It says in the Bible, "My people perish
for a lack of knowledge."I feel
like God has commissioned me and put
me on this platform
to tell you what the Holy Spirit has
told me and all the knowledge that I've
received over the years from some big
ministries just dumping into me,
continually feeding on
the Word and
staying on that potter's wheel, allowing
the Holy Spirit to mold me. In that
process, the potter's wheel has
equipped me to be able to come on here
today and be able to help you all. The
Lord gave me
a Ferrari to
drive—this
beautiful Ferrari because I love
Ferraris and I think they're really
amazing cars. So He gave me this
amazing Ferrari. This is the way the
Lord showed me in the spirit
whenever I pray over it.
I'm borrowing this Ferrari and
driving it everywhere. I'm
so excited to have this Ferrari, but Dad—my
Father—let
me borrow
it.
I don't have the title deed to
the Ferrari by myself; they're not my
keys. It's not anything;
He's just allowing me to drive it, kind
of like I would allow my son to drive my
car. It's not his, but I'm allowing
him to use it. So, I'm not in
control of the Ferrari.
I'm just allowed to drive
it
every once in a while when God says,
"Hey, here's the keys. Drive
it."Everybody's
so excited and thinks you're
so cool because of that Ferrari, but the
Ferrari was never yours to begin with.
And that's the way I look at the
prophetic gifting.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels
that the excellency of the power will be
known of Him and not of me.
I don't control any of it. I
can't make it happen. If I could,
I would operate in it all the
time.
It comes by dying. You have to die to
self. He
entrusts you with more, and the more He
entrusts you with, you're faithful
with
that amount of anointing. You're
faithful with that part of the prophetic
gift and He'll make you ruler over
much. But if you're not faithful with
the little and you don't handle this, He
wants to see if it's going to destroy
you. This is what He's wanting to see:
Can your character
handle this gift? If it can't, He
doesn't say, "I'm done with you and I'm
not going to use you
anymore,"because
the gifts and the callings of God are
without repentance. They're on you
regardless. But He wants to see
if
your character can handle that pressure
of that gift, that Ferrari. Does the
Ferrari change you, or do you
just drive it and enjoy it
until He says, "I need my keys
back"?
It's the same way. If you
can't handle it, this is what He does:
He puts you back on the potter's wheel. He
puts you back on the potter's wheel and
that water starts spinning
around and around. You
go
faster and faster. He dumps
some more water on you
and
puts a little bit more pressure there. I
have a man who emails
me—I
don't remember
your name, sir, I'd have to ask my wife,
she tells me the emails—but he's a
master potter and he makes sculptures
and pottery for people.
He's brilliant; I've seen him do his
work. As he does his work, he puts
his finger and his pressure on that
pot and it makes it into a
beautiful vase. That's the way we
are in the spirit realm, y'all. If we're
not ready, the Lord just puts us back on
the potter's wheel. And this is the way
it is a lot of times. I believe when you
see people in the Bible,
Moses took 80 years on the potter's
wheel
before he was used by God to go and lead
the people out of Egypt. It took 80
years for him to be on that potter's
wheel
for him to be ready. It
took 80 years for him to die to self: 40
years in the wilderness and 40 years being
Pharaoh's son—80
altogether.
And then God said,
"You're ready."He had a burning bush
experience. In that experience of 80
years, most people would have said,
"Man, I'm 80 years old. My life's over.
There's nothing that God can do with
me."If
you're 80 years old and
you feel a tug on your heart to do
something—maybe
it's to make videos,
maybe it's to do a YouTube channel,
maybe God's called you to do something
big—it
is not over until
it's over, as long as you stay on that
potter's wheel.
I feel the Holy Ghost,
and when it comes on me, I start crying.
As long as you stay on that potter's
wheel,
God's going to keep using you
until the day He calls you home; there's
nothing too big for God to work out in
your flesh because the steps of the
righteous are ordered of the Lord.
What I'm trying to tell you is it
took Paul and some of
the disciples three years walking
with Jesus before they started walking
fully in their giftings and
their call. But if you start saying, "I
have this treasure in an earthen vessel
that the excellency of the power may be
known of Him and not of
me,"He
uses me; I don't use Him. Less of me,
more of Him.
In that process of being
refined—the
refiner's fire—what I'm trying to
tell you all is what's coming to the body
of Christ.
There is a great revival that's about to
take place—a massive outpouring. But I
have told you what the Lord has showed
me about a refiner's fire coming to His
body. It is a massive move coming. Yes,
it will be painful. A refiner's process
is painful sometimes to the flesh. But
in the process of the refiner's fire, it
makes us less of us and more of Him.
We have a treasure in an earthen vessel
that the excellency of the power will be
known of Him and not of us. Whenever we
are dying to self—dying to our
emotions—most
people say, "Well, I've
paid the price. I moved my family to
wherever to go to Bible
school."No.
A person who's selling insurance will
relocate and be a part of
a new state or a new town. People are
moving from California to go live by
Elon Musk in his new factory. They're
not going through a refiner's process
because you moved your family. A
refiner's process is to die
to self. It's not my will,
but Yours be done. When you get in that
dying to self—not my will, but
Yours be done every single
day—that's
what does it. The Apostle Paul says, "I
die daily to myself that Christ may live
in me."Christ needs to live in you. You
need to be at that spout where the glory
comes out. You need to be that person
who
is a yielded vessel that
Jesus can use. Without being
yielded and being dead to self,
you'll never be
that person that God can flow through to
the point where blind eyes will
open and deaf ears will pop open, the
lame,
the leper, the
dead—all
of it. Look at the process of even
Jesus,
the Son of God:
33 years before He even died
for us. But He was 30 years old before
He even started His ministry.
Jesus had to go through a refiner's
potter's process,
anointed to the full, had the
Holy Spirit without measure,
and
went through a process of 30 years
before He even said to Mary, "It's not
my time."He even went through a process
whenever He was turning the water into
wine, His first miracle. Look at
everything He went through; we don't have
an account in the Gospels really of
everything that He went through for
those 30 years. But you know, it was
something that he was in me, memorizing
the Bible verses,
the Torah,
things like that, getting the word down
inside of him. There was a
process. That's what I'm trying to tell
you all:
we die daily. And that's why I was
trying to tell this young man on
Facebook
that
I have no ability on my
own.
I am nothing without the Holy
Spirit telling me what to tell you all
on this camera.
I am so desperate as a man with hardly
any education, with hardly anything to
lean on in the natural for my
flesh; he has stripped everything away
from me. I feel like a skeleton a
lot of times with the wind blowing.
I'm so thirsty. I'm so hungry.
And I have to sit at his feet for
everything in my life: finances,
stuff going on in my own flesh, my
family, my children, my little girl who
is
overcoming.
He keeps me in a place
of desperation on him,
stripping back all the flesh. Over the
years, I've learned so much to
lean on him,
to seek him and I'll find him instead of
trying to perform because of
something I feel I have the
ability to drive that Ferrari, and
waiting on the Lord and being desperate
in these end times.
In the process of being desperate,
I'll tell you a story. I put
it on my Facebook trying to help people
to tug them along the way. William
Seymour in the Azusa Street
Revival—he
was blind in one eye. He was an
African-American man. Prejudice was
crazy back then. People were absolutely
crazy over racial stuff, and
he
pressed through. He pressed through the
refiner's fire. He pressed through the
racial tension and all the stupidness of
that. He pressed through it and
refused
to let the color of his skin, refused to
let all the pressure from all of the
drama from one eye or anything stop him
from
allowing himself to be used by God.
It was a process.
Here he was. Even whenever he started
Azusa
Street,
he went in and started this
in an old building.
He would come down the stairs and put a
box over his head and he would
pray in that box until God would
allow him to take it off and
the glory would come in. This happened
every single day for three and a half
years, about the same time that Jesus was
in his ministry.
He
walked in, and the power and the glory
were
so strong on him that his wife would
have to sleep on the couch because the
electricity, the power, and
the Shekinah glory were so strong and
manifested on him that it would
even affect her sleep at night.
If you touched him, the glory would flow
out of him.
But that came with a price, which is what I'm
trying to tell you. It was a dying to
self. Just like I'm trying to tell you
what happens to me; it's a dying to
self. Having a child with special needs,
and the Lord tells you, 'Go and I
want you to pray for people that are
sick and I want you to lay hands on
them.'And
I say, 'Lord, I feel like a
hypocrite.''Do
it
anyway.'And
being obedient, God uses me and he
touches people and they're healed. It's
not me. If I
could turn on that switch for myself,
y'all, I would be able to
pray for my little girl and see an
instantaneous manifestation.
I would go
into these hospitals and
pray for people and see them healed all
the time. But the
Lord turns the switch on, is what I'm
trying to tell you. In the same way
with William Seymour, he would sit there
with that box on
his head until the glory would settle
in those meetings.
And he would do that every single
service. Sometimes it was five minutes,
they say, and sometimes it was several
hours, but he would just sit in there
and they would sing songs. As crazy as
that may sound, it's a humbling
process. It's the Lord showing you:
'This is not your Ferrari. You're just
borrowing
it.'And
when you get a hold of that,
God will start using you. It's not about
you. Yes, you can walk around with the zeal
of
a teenager and be excited that God
has a call on your life, and it's
like he tips his hat to you. But he
says, 'Get on the wheel. Get on the
wheel and then I'll use you and I'll do
something big in your life.'Without the
potter's wheel
and dying to self, self is in the
way. Flesh is in the way. And you've got
to get self and flesh out of the way.
And the way you get it on there
is by getting on your
knees, praying in
the spirit, refiner's fire, getting in
the word, continually dying daily to
self.
And in that process,
it would be all of him and none of you.
I have this treasure in an
earthen
vessel, that the excellency of the power
will be known of you, Lord, and not of me.
I hope this message helped you today.
This is what I had on my heart.
Let me pray for you right now. Let me
agree with you in prayer for some
things you're believing for.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus,
we come before you boldly and we thank
you, Father, that my brothers and
sisters are hungry for you. There's
a great revival that's about to take
place upon this country.
You've showed me this great revival even
today. You told me about the tents. You
told me about the people. You told me
about the manifestations and the glory
of God coming in a wave like we've never
seen before. But I thank you, Father,
for the refiner's fire. Make me better.
Make me pure. By the fire that does
refine where the breath of God is
sweeter, there his brightest glory
shines. Lift us high up to the mountain
into fellowship with you. And in that
light, I'll see the fountain of his
blood that cleanses you. Father, I thank
you for the refining fire today.
Touch these people,
Father. Make them the vessel that
can be used by you,
Holy Spirit. Create in them a clean
heart, Father, that we are more like you
and less of us every single day.
Father,
we are not a branch that's separated
from the vine, but we are a part of
the vine.
We are stuck to you; we are
stuck onto the
main part of the vine. And I thank you,
Lord, that that's where the healing
rivers flow.
When you abide in me and my words
abide in you, you shall ask what you
will and it shall be done.
I call healing over their bodies right
now in the name of Jesus, from the top
of their heads to the soles of their
feet. We decree and declare the healing
power of God to flow on the inside of
them right now. We take authority over
sickness and disease.
We take authority over diabetes. We
take authority over heart disease. We
take authority over liver cancers and
fatty livers. We take
authority over brain tumors and over
all kinds of brain disorders,
Alzheimer's, and dementia. We plead the
blood of Jesus over the
sickness right now. We take authority
over all sickness and disease,
whatever ails them in their body.
We want to be at the spout where the
glory comes out, Lord, in these last
days, so that we are able to be used
by you.
Father, that we're able to be that
vessel that is dead to self and
you are alive in us—it's not us.
We're not using you;
you're using us,
Father. It's not our gift; it's your
gift and your ability in us.
Oh Lord, I praise you God for the Holy
Spirit.
He is the comforter and he dwells on the
inside of
us.
Help us to go higher. Help us to soar on
wings like eagles.
Help us to be more like you.
Less of us and more of you.
For in that, Father, is
where the glory lies for this last
outpouring that you want to do upon this
earth.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you create
in
us a clean heart. Create
me a clean heart, Lord,
for
the eyes of the Lord are running to and
fro throughout the whole earth looking
for a heart that is perfect towards him.
Father, let your eyes rest upon me
today.
Let your eyes rest, Lord, so that you're
not having to look throughout the whole
earth anymore. Let us be that vessel
that you're looking for for this
end-time
outpouring to save the lost.
Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Father, I thank you for
the end-time
outpouring,
for creative miracles;
blinded eyes will see, deaf ears
will hear, and
the
dead will rise again.
Greater works will we do, Lord, as you
said.
Help us to be the salt.
Help us to be that salt that makes
people thirsty. When we go into
places, Father, let us not be preaching
to them
without fire.
Father, let the glory of God
be so manifest and made manifest on us that
when we go into those places,
the glory of God would shine upon
our faces like it did for Moses when he had
his burning bush experience.
He did that under the old covenant,
Lord, and we have a new covenant.
Come visit us once again, oh God;
come visit us once again.
Give us a burning bush experience,
Father, so that the glory would shine upon
our faces,
that people would see the light and the
glory on our lives.
And all we can do is turn them to you and
tell them about how good God is
and how much you love us and how much
you did for us on that cross.
Father, I give you glory and honor and
praise for everybody
that you're going to use; there
is
going to be a major
outpouring of your spirit on these
people.
The people on this YouTube channel who
are watching me right now
are
here
for such a time as this.
It's about the last
harvest of souls that you told me you
desire so much.
You said, "I wish that all
men
would come unto me,"and
as in
John, "For God so loved the world
that he gave his one and only begotten
son that whosoever believes in him
should not perish but have
everlasting life."I thank
you, Father, that that's what you're
wanting to do in these
days—that
you gave your love and you gave
your life for us so that we would have a
saving knowledge of Jesus Christ
and a revelation of
what you did when you said, "I give you
a comforter, and the comforter is going
to come and abide in you."He's going to come and abide in you; he's going to
come
and
set
the captives free through you, and
that's the great Holy Spirit. The Holy
Spirit's going to dwell in you.
I sing songs to him: Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace,
thou art welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace,
thou art welcome
in
this place.
Fill all the hungry that are empty
within; restore us, oh father,
revive us again.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace,
thou art welcome
in
this place.
Fill all the hungry and empty within;
fill us, oh father,
revive
us
again.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in this place. Lord, in thy presence
there's healing
divine;
no other power
can save Lord but thine.
Fill all the hungry
and
empty
within;
no other power
can save Lord
but thine.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in
this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in this place.
Father
of mercy and grace,
thou art welcome
in
this place.
Thou art welcome
in
this place.
Rest in him today.
Practice his presence every day,
for in his presence there's fullness of
joy and fullness of
peace.
If you need peace or joy in
your life—if you've found you're down,
depressed, or having anxiety
attacks, I see those in the
comments—practice
his presence.
For in his presence there's peace
and
joy.
We take authority over every demonic
spirit that is attached to these
brothers and sisters right now in the
name of Jesus. No matter what it is, we
command you to release them right now in
the name of Jesus. You are free, for whom
the son has set free is free indeed.
You are free from demonic strongholds in
Jesus'name.
We bind
those devils off of you and we say
freedom is yours in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, for setting
these people free today by the power of
your Holy Spirit. We just want to say
thank you for joining us today. Thank
you for all the likes,
the kind comments, the
love, and the love gifts, and how much
you've supported my channel. I'm so
thankful for you being a part of our
family. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you.
Thank you for being a part of our
family. Have a blessed day, everybody.
We'll see you again.